update RST format (#53)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/contributing/contributing.rst

You can familiarize yourself with the Mautic contribution process by reviewing the list of **issues** on the :xref:`Mautic Docs issues` section. These issues have a relatively limited scope. 

After you have selected an issue on the :xref:`Mautic Docs issues` page, follow the below steps:

1. Add a comment indicating that you would like to own the ticket. This is to avoid conflicts with others also working on the issue.

> 2. After a Mautic administrator assigns you the issue, you can modify files and track changes on GitHub using command line utility, your web browser, GitHub Desktop, or Gitpod.

Reviewer: Please fix the Vale errors - need to add Gitpod to the accept.txt file as it doesn't recognise it.

> 3. Submit a pull request, and the Mautic administrator will review your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once you submit a pull request, an admin reviews your changes.
```

Creating an Issue or Proposing Changes
*************************************

You can create an issue or propose changes by following these steps:

1. Create a new GitHub issue associated with the relevant repository and propose your change there. Be sure to include implementation details and the rationale for the proposed change.

> 2. The submitted issue will be reviewed by the Mautic administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A Mautic team member reviews all submitted issues.
```

You can familiarize yourself with the Mautic contribution process by reviewing the list of **issues** on the :xref:`Mautic Docs issues` section. These issues have a relatively limited scope. 

After you have selected an issue on the :xref:`Mautic Docs issues` page, follow the below steps:

#. Add a comment indicating that you would like to own the ticket. This is to avoid conflicts with others also working on the issue.
#. After an adminstrator assigns you the issue, you can modify files and track changes on GitHub using command line utility, your web browser, GitHub Desktop, or Gitpod.
#. Once you submit a pull request, an admin reviews your changes.

Creating an Issue or Proposing Changes
*************************************

You can create an issue or propose changes by following these steps:

#. Create a new GitHub issue associated with the relevant repository and propose your change there. Be sure to include implementation details and the rationale for the proposed change.
#. A Mautic team member reviews all submitted issues.

> #. Once the issue is approved, you may start working on it.

Reviewer: Vale suggestion

```suggestion
#. Once approved, you may start working on the issue.
```
